pd: add an example for pd-recover (#18479)
pingcap/docs: pd-recover.md

### Step 4: Use pd-recover

> You only need to run `pd-recover` on one PD node. Note that in order to avoid reallocation, it is recommended to use a value larger than the allocated ID. For example, if the maximum allocated ID obtained from monitoring or logs is 9000, it is recommended to pass in a parameter of 10000 or a larger value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You only need to run `pd-recover` on one PD node. Note that to avoid reallocation, it is recommended to set `-alloc-id` to a value larger than the allocated ID. For example, if the maximum allocated ID obtained from monitoring or logs is `9000`, it is recommended to pass `10000` or a larger value to `-alloc-id`.
```
